Fix: several typos in the documentation (#929)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/quick_start/pages/declare_a_smart_contract.adoc

scarb --version
----

> If either of the above commands fails, please visit xref:environment_setup.adoc[Setting up your environment].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If either of the above commands fails, see xref:environment_setup.adoc[Setting up your environment].
```
